Now I want you to make sure that there is authentication to enter this app both as a resource person and as a user or a general user. So I want you to make multiple logins. First is a student login where obviously they won't have a degree certificate but they can upload their latest passing marksheet and get enrolled into the app. Now the fields you are targeting are not only sports and allied health, it's overall any field. So you require to specify which degree you are taking and which year you are in and your marksheet needs to be uploaded and verified. Once that is done, your login will be authenticated. Now over in this, we don't need a back-end to make a call stating that you need to verify this kind of a marksheet with the university. That can happen at a later stage but not right now. Right now we just need to see if the marksheet seems authenticated. So an OCR kind of a thing will be helpful where we'll go through all the documents he's mentioned and we'll make sure that the name resembles his login ID or his login username. There needs to be a provision for multiple name provision for users. Basically, there can be two or three people with the same name. So you need to make sure that you have two identifiers. One is the mobile number, one is the name. You can also have email ID and you can also have a date of birth as an identifier. Make sure everything lines up for the students. For the professionals, there needs to be a separate login where you'll be required to upload your degree and if you have any affiliations such as in the case of physios, you can have a physiotherapy. In the case of dentists, you can have a dentist. So you're required to upload your degrees if you're a working professional. For a resource person, it's mandatory to upload even the the society or the council or the body with which he's affiliated. The whole idea is to have authentication steps for the users in the real world. We are going to basically make three kind of logins. Student login where the entire login process will be streamlined for the student as mentioned above. Professionals where the entire process will be very simple. You just need to upload your degree and any affiliations you can just type it in. For the resource people, you need to have a mandatory affiliation. Currently, we won't be having a drop-down list. We'll be just telling them to write the name of the affiliations and their membership number. Over a period of time, we'll have all the bodies register on this app and then we can have a drop-down list and if the person can select it from that particular body.